
Here is an overview of the GSAC data model. The idea is to maintain
both agnosticsm/generality yet enable the data structures to hold a variety
of metadata elements. With this model most if not all of the basic information
that the DAI V1 and V2 shows the user can be held. Furthermore, the middleware
can maintain agnosticsm when we add new types of information (e.g., through
new types of metadata elements). 

The sticky thing is when one needs to encode  new types of metadata.
For some things (e.g., json, some xml) it can be done through reflection
but other things (like showing the metadata in html) can require some
knowledge of the content (e.g., gnssequipment).


Gsac Site: Represents some place on the earth.
        Site Id: unique to the repository identifier (monument id)
        Site code: short name of the site, e.g., 4 character code
        Name: human readable name
        Type: site type 
        Status: site status
        Earth location: latitude/longitude/elevation
        From date/to date: date range of site's existence
        List of site groups: 0 or more groups
        List of metadata: 0 or more metadata elements (see below)

Note: The site type, site status and  site groups are string id/label pairs.

Gsac Resource: Represents some data resource - a URL, a real time stream url, etc.
        Resource id: unique to the repository id
        File info: url, file size, md5
        Site ID: Id of the Gsac site associated with this resource
        Publish time: date when the resource was added to the repository
        Start time/End time: date range of the data  the resource holds. Just defaults to publish date 
                             if not available.
        Type: resource type - id/label pair
        List of metadata: 0 or more metadata elements (see below)


Metadata: All metadata elements have a type and a label
          Link metadata: A URL
               Image metadata: ISA Link metadata and also has an image group (e.g., QC, Site Photo, etc)
               Icon metadata: represents an icon to use for this site
          Property: a simple String name/value pair.  A catch all
          Gnss Equipment: Slipping into domain specificity here. Holds, antenna/receiver/dome info 
                          and a date range. 
           ...


